Update changelog (#2799)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/dirty-chefs-develop.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

> Fix double loading of flight icons in engines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed multiple loading of flight icons in engines
```
